Update Node Operator Spork/Epoch Documentation (#862)
onflow/flow: docs/content/node-operation/faq.mdx

### Where can I find how many nodes are currently running Flow?

> If you are running a node, then you most definitely have this information on your node in the file `<your bootstrap dir>/public-root-information/node-infos.pub.json`. If you are not running a node, you can find this information by reading the [Staking Smart Contract](/core-contracts/staking-contract-reference) (or check [Flowscan](https://flowscan.org/staking/overview))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running a node, then you most definitely have this information on your node in the file `<your bootstrap dir>/public-root-information/node-infos.pub.json`. If you are not running a node, you can find this information by using a Cadence script to query the [Staking Smart Contract](/core-contracts/staking-contract-reference) (or check [Flowscan](https://flowscan.org/staking/overview))
```
